hey I'm Willie man I'm John and we're
the hosts of grow cookies and if you
were with us last season you should know
that we've moved our garden from Seattle
down to Portland we still have our
chickens and we'll still be talking
about how to grow food and cook in the
kitchen so today we're going to talk
about bok choy which looks like it would
be hard to grow but it's actually really
easy and if I recall it's not that hard
to cook no it cooks up super fast
and we're going to show you how to make
it on soup push bok choy it only takes
about 15 minutes
I'm gonna plant some bok choy by seed
you can also grow them by starts but
seeds are less expensive and it grows
really well and quickly from seed when
you're working with small seeds not only
do you want to have soil that's finally
worked but you also want to make sure
that you're not going to cover them up
too much with soil and then I'm gonna
take a pinch of the seed and just try
and sew it in a row spacing the seeds as
evenly as I can
you know aiming for about an inch apart
it's a good idea with really small seed
and this works well with basil seed
carrot seed and you see that small water
it in with a stream from a watering can
not from your hose hoses have too strong
of a stream of water and they'll wash
your seeds away now you can cover them
up with garden soil but I like to use
some potting soil because it's
lightweight I know that it's weed free
and it's a slightly different color from
my garden soil so it makes it easy for
me to remember where I've sown seed then
I go through and tap the soil with my
hand and that's just so there's good
soil to seed contact which is important
for germination and then you go back
over with the water one more time just
to make sure that it's all watered in so
I have some pocket way that I grew from
starts growing underneath what's called
a hoop house and the hoop house is
basically a really simple greenhouse so
underneath here I have some broccoli
growing some radishes and then these
purple purple bok choy you just want to
take a sharp knife and slide it just
under the soil line and sever the plant
from its roots so it's real simple
people I've got the hoop house all
covered back up so I'm gonna head inside
and make dinner we make it on soup a lot
during the week cuz it's really fast and
easy so I've got four cups of broth here
and you can use chicken broth or
vegetable broth and I'm just going to
bring it up to a boil
and once they bring it up to a boil I'll
add in the noodles and you can just get
it on noodles at the grocery store they
sell them frozen or they're in the
refrigerator case two about two
tablespoons of olive oil in the pan and
I've heated it up over medium-high heat
and I'm gonna put two chopped garlic
cloves into the olive oil and just give
them a little stir and let them saute
until their fragrance and then I'm gonna
add in the peppers so that's the greens
they have still a little bit of water
clinging to their leaves and that's nice
it just helps them wilt a little bit of
oil once the greens have wilted down to
kind of your desired consistency you can
just turn off the heat and set them
aside until the rest of the soups ready
I'm just gonna divide the greens between
the two bowls put the noodles between
the bowls too so I'm just gonna scoop
out about half the noodles and some
broth okay we're ready to eat well
moment of truth okay what do you think
no holds barred feedback yeah oh I see
er than I thought it'd be those flippers
are kind of hot spicy I know five here
than I thought maybe just give me a
minute okay we've got a Facebook page
now and so in addition to the videos
will be posting recipes and I'm gonna
put a lot of gardening tips up to
throughout the whole season and we are
paying attention to your comments so we
appreciate them and keep them coming